Fix DCIM Shadowed Filter Fields (#2849)
nautobot/nautobot: nautobot/docs/release-notes/version-2.0.md

### Changed

#### Enhanced Filter Fields ([#2804](https://github.com/nautobot/nautobot/pull/2804))

> In nautobot v2.X, we changed some of the filter fields to enable filtering by both slugs and UUID primary keys:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Many filter fields have been enhanced to enable filtering by both slugs and UUID primary keys.
```
